Misc copy edits to ITP Sprint 1 (#943)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/induction/sharing-history/index.md

+++
title = '🗄️ 🌐 Sharing history'

time="30"
facilitation = false
emoji= '🧩'
[objectives]

> 1='Given a remote repository on GitHub, identify the number of commits on the main branch'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1='Identify the number of commits on the main branch of a remote repository'
```
Let's hold the line on learning objectives

> 2='Given a remote repository on GitHub, identify the author, time and message of a given commit'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2='Identify the author, time and message of a given commit on GitHub'
```
